# CD Task Group Remote Meeting 27/03/2019

## Agenda
  highlights
1. We have (some) meeting funding from several sources to speed up the development of this standard. 
We need feedback from Matt, Quentin, Wouter, Niels and others on exactly which tasks need to be worked on "in person." 
GBIF would like a working model (or at least an exmample) by Biodiversity Next in October.
2. Some of you have already started (that I know about - the FM and Smithsonian folks, and also Connie Rinaldo, 
and work is going on in the ICEDIG CDD Group on Use Cases that we'll be able to use also) on your tasks, 
or at least planning to work together. Thank you!
3. We will answer questions, review contents and use of the TDWG CD Repo structure together, 
add / edit any missing bits (so no worries, just be sure to note them), set up recurring meeting time, and get next tasks started.

4. AOB. [see notes from last online meeting for reference](2018-11-14_tg_remote.md)

## Meeting notes
1. meeting using Zoom 27 and 28 March 2019
#### Present at meeting

